the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long . 
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
a movie to forget
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 
an opportunity missed . 
a well-crafted letdown . 
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option . 
 . . . the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) . . . 
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie . 
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle . 
writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
gets better after foster leaves that little room . 
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not . 
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us . 
the star who helped give a spark to " chasing amy " and " changing lanes " falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film , " the sum of all fears . " 
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . 
[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view . 
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . 
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . but one thing's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary . 
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) . 
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv . 
don't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle . 
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . 
 . . . generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish . 
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it doesn't . 
sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony . 
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again . 
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
the movie bounces all over the map . 
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
you wonder why enough wasn't just a music video rather than a full-length movie . 
[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation . 
there's nothing exactly wrong here , but there's not nearly enough that's right . 
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 
the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring . 
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas . 
the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes . 
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops . 
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
some episodes work , some don't . 
it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
 . . . tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry . 
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary . 
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one . 
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash . 
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm . 
[sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions . 
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation . 
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent . 
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
enduring love but exhausting cinema . 
if only it were , well , funnier . 
helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off . 
the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud . 
the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center . 
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight ! 
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter . 
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count . 
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie . 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . 
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often . 
the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound . 
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
as saccharine as it is disposable . 
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention . 
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all . 
it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old . 
'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
a few hours after you've seen it , you forget you've been to the movies . 
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes . 
this u-boat doesn't have a captain . 
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
best described as i know what you did last winter . 
pompous and garbled . 
the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook . 
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché . 
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production . 
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were – i doubt it would be all that interesting . 
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
a bad movie that happened to good actors . 
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey . 
works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor's home videos . 
more precious than perspicacious
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt's gentle , endearing 1975 children's novel . 
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door . 
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes . 
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 
 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone . 
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance . 
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious . 
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space . 
there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
 . . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon . 
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . . 
 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie . 
it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot . 
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny . 
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not . 
just a kiss is a just a waste . 
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest . 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center . 
 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide . 
here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
deserving of its critical backlash and more . 
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind . 
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . 
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . " 
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles . . . so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential . 
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh . 
i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets . 
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
it's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick . 
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
calculated swill . 
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
not so much farcical as sour . 
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
[a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment . 
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . 
two-bit potboiler . 
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try . 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen . 
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 
 . . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . 
 " freaky friday , " it's not . 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset . 
one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
[allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now . 
being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . 
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground . 
one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy . 
it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie—if only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch . 
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them . 
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 . 
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him . 
it's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion . 
my own minority report is that it stinks . 
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it . 
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust . 
it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective . 
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured . 
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character . 
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction . 
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 
the film's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . it's just filler . 
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
 . . . the movie is just a plain old monster . 
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
where the film falters is in its tone . 
a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
 . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . 
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle . 
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back . 
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra . 
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them . 
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs . 
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 
it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction . 
dreary tale of middle-class angst
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise . 
this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna . 
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting . 
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . . 
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor . 
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it . 
the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters . 
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it . 
there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda . 
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it . 
 . . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear . 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it . 
it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you . 
take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 
even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 
as steamy as last week's pork dumplings . 
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie ! 
draggin' about dragons
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
a film that suffers because of its many excesses . 
'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . 
 . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense . 
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them . 
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray . 
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 
while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability . 
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense . 
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age . 
even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort . 
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché . 
contrived pastiche of caper clichés . 
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 
distinctly sub-par . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters . 
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept – a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman . 
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
it's one long bore . 
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ? 
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked . 
 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence . 
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
the pool drowned me in boredom . 
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . 
to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be . 
an unclassifiably awful study in self- and audience-abuse . 
adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts . 
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane . 
 . . . plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments . 
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie . 
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna . 
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
at the very least , if you don't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you won't know much more when you leave . 
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
show me the mugging . 
madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics . 
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 
 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
more of a career curio than a major work . 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
the plot's contrivances are uncomfortably strained . 
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically . 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
 . . . an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work . 
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie . 
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
 " my god , i'm behaving like an idiot ! " yes , you are , ben kingsley . 
denis o'neill's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others . 
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material . 
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit . 
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 
[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy . 
the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago . 
stale , futile scenario . 
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
staggeringly dreadful romance . 
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 
the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise . 
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about . 
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 
it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit . 
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women . 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety . 
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't . 
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme . 
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love . 
while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . 
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over . 
at the bottom rung of the series' entries . 
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 
i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be . 
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap . 
lástima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones . 
what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor . 
aan opportunity wasted . 
i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text – when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag . . . 
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas . 
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising . 
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man . 
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting . 
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 
 . . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it . 
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity . 
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife . 
no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go . 
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
it just didn't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) . 
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys . 
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness . 
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release . 
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom . 
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . 
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale . 
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes . 
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned . 
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor . 
what an embarrassment . 
it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny . 
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
mildly entertaining . 
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . 
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive . 
 . . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made . 
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters . 
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . 
a cockeyed shot all the way . 
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things . 
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 
the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
there's not enough to sustain the comedy . 
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull . 
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring . 
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 
the drama discloses almost nothing . 
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
this time kaufman's imagination has failed him . 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy . 
the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
… is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful . 
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 
 . . . a bland , pretentious mess . 
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow . 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling . 
it's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy ! 
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
it's fitfully funny but never really takes off . 
several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
we get the comedy we settle for . 
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists . 
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad . 
there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
odd and weird . 
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world . 
the picture doesn't know it's a comedy . 
the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine . 
the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double . 
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented . 
 . . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job . 
the film's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style . 
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 
[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
less than fresh . 
too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance . 
crummy
an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all . 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation . 
there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging . 
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . for me , this opera isn't a favorite , so it's a long time before the fat lady sings . 
 " feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker . 
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
barely goes beyond comic book status . 
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 
 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise . 
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . 
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it . wait for video -- and then don't rent it . 
the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank . 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 
 . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that . 
just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins . 
do not see this film . 
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
es triste tener que decirles que lo único grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . . 
samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
doesn't really add up to much . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself . 
holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing . 
as an actor , the rock is aptly named . 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson . 
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless . 
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly . 
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it doesn't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde's wit and the actors' performances . 
set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york . 
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . 
 . . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
 . . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core . 
[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
the film is really not so much bad as bland . 
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
this is no " waterboy ! " 
although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action . 
 . . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture ! 
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull . 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original . 
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga . 
disjointed parody . 
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
 . . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities . 
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic . 
clever but not especially compelling . 
 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes . 
[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy . 
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings . 
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest . 
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
 . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it . 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss . 
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile . 
shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
 . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 
it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom . 
a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest . 
frenetic but not really funny . 
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it . 
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression . 
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere . 
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich . 
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this . 
fails to bring as much to the table . 
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . 
parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
john mctiernan's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . it's also stupider . 
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign . 
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 
 at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford . 
hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing . 
a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise . 
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
there is so much plodding sensitivity . 
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care . 
…passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ? 
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd . 
oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting . 
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers . 
shrewd but pointless . 
an awkward and indigestible movie . 
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz . 
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
pumpkin wants to have it both ways . 
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre . 
obvious
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
[t]he ideas of revolution #9 are more compelling than the execution
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next . 
it made me realize that we really haven't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week's reign of fire . 
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot . 
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 
it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks . 
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around . 
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick . 
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they'd earn . they were right . 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility . 
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
 . . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary . 
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
holden caulfield did it better . 
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point . 
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting . 
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot . 
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end . 
sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films . 
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight . 
it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone . 
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
could as easily have been called 'under siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . 
professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 
even horror fans will most likely not find what they're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor . 
you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 
producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
 . . . overly melodramatic . . . 
degenerates into hogwash . 
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless . 
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film . 
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless . 
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise . 
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs . 
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle . 
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic ! 
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book . 
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . 
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors . 
a loquacious and dreary piece of business . 
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 
i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes . 
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 
mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work . 
the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable . 
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
the action clichés just pile up . 
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy . 
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
fairly run-of-the-mill . 
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards . 
'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances . 
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather . 
loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 
black-and-white and unrealistic . 
frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places . 
a porn film without the sex scenes . 
this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . 
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
the cold turkey would've been a far better title . 
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 
 . . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 
a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
bad and baffling from the get-go . 
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away . 
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . 
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " . 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour . 
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
extremely bad . 
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs . 
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
it's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing--i'm prepared to call it a draw . 
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love's dissolution . 
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . 
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm . 
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
[creates] the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story . 
it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well . 
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party . . . how can something so gross be so boring ? 
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle . 
madonna still can't act a lick . 
so clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart . 
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate . 
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing . 
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ? 
 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
it's not original enough . 
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest -– audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song . 
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie . 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty . 
 . . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension . 
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both . 
abysmally pathetic
it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 
director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it . 
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart . 
the master of disguise is funny--not " ha ha " funny , " dead circus performer " funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides . 
chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
not counting a few gross-out comedies i've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
interesting , but not compelling . 
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 
a processed comedy chop suey . 
thin period piece . 
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
a ragbag of cliches . 
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights . 
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times . 
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper . 
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here . 
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good . 
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 
it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary . 
a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf's encounter with the world . 
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now . 
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene . 
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic . 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered . 
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down . 
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film . 
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh . 
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
 . . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book . 
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
a real snooze . 
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled . 
eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal . 
roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut . 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
 . . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this " un-bear-able " project ! 
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy . 
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold . 
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark . 
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them . 
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict . 
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos . 
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust . 
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie . 
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients . 
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
the santa clause 2's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire . 
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 
[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america . 
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
dramatically lackluster . 
the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here . 
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about . 
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . 
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . 
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 
what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 
'carente de imaginación , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un ápice de romance , es una verdadera pérdida de tiempo y dinero'
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 
piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
predictably soulless techno-tripe . 
[a] rather thinly-conceived movie . 
i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
a less-than-thrilling thriller . 
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying . 
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short . 
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . 
[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad . 
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun . 
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . 
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
more trifle than triumph . 
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
it's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
anemic , pretentious . 
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program . 
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
…it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary . 
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . 
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
 . . . too dull to enjoy . 
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
i hated every minute of it . 
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 
lurid and less than lucid work . 
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . . 
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
entertaining enough , but nothing new
it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering . 
even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next . 
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . 
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . 
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious . 
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense . 
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
a negligible british comedy . 
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency . 
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role . 
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad . 
it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . 
very stupid and annoying . 
a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes . 
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence . 
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious . 
what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form . 
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life . 
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this . 
nothing more than a mediocre trifle . 
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesn't have his heart in it . 
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland . 
once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else . 
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba . 
it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original . 
the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue . 
maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 
eh . 
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down . 
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
a complete waste of time . 
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor . 
martin scorsese cria um espetáculo visual que não possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio . 
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 
shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one . 
it treats women like idiots . 
hollywood's answer to an air ball . 
literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes . 
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules . 
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
a recipe for cinematic disaster . . . part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it's all bad . 
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
a bit of an unwieldy mess . 
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars . 
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
feels familiar and tired . 
pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
an often unfunny romp . 
it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere . 
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
 . . . has virtually no script at all . . . 
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion . 
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back . 
it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us . 
 . . . a pretentious mess . . . 
how do you spell cliché ? 
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
'this movie sucks . '
it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
too slow , too long and too little happens . 
uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions . 
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made . 
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
the script ? please . 
it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick . 
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage . 
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place . 
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained . 
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness . 
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube . 
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter . 
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
not exactly the bees knees
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
oozes condescension from every pore . 
i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes . 
some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one . 
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments . 
arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces . 
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 
demme's loose approach kills the suspense . 
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
it is a comedy that's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) . 
nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
get out your pooper-scoopers . 
the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 
`matrix'-style massacres erupt throughout . . . but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . 
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter . 
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video . 
it's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 
there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant . 
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
shallow . 
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that . 
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? i didn't think so . 
it's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting . 
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever . 
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
 . . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs . 
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing . 
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy . 
sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly . 
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
 . . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta . 
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . 
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke . 
the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls . 
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous ( but with bears , and a g rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure . 
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows . 
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney . 
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower . 
if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead . 
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
mctiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious . 
it's an awfully derivative story . 
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment . 
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . 
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage . 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 . 
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout . 
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones . 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors . 
[a] stuporously solemn film . 
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . . 
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too . 
why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ? 
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle . 
don't let your festive spirit go this far . 
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? 
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who can't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . 
supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
 . . . irritating soul-searching garbage . 
really dumb but occasionally really funny . 
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it . 
the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . 
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment . . . simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 
the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film . 
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes . 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it . 
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself . 
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
you may be galled that you've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through . 
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry . 
[siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . 
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness . 
i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here . 
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre . 
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w . 
when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks . 
it's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades . 
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle . 
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
 if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
there's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent . 
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . 
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera . 
the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
writer/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it's disastrous and kate's jealous female friends become downright despicable . 
there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire . 
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring . 
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more . 
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film . 
there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 
super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers . 
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is . 
star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia . 
all too familiar . . . basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'angels with dirty faces' appeared in 1938 . 
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin . 
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
[a] mess . 
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense . 
'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy . 
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show . 
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in . 
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material . 
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence . 
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting . 
painfully padded . 
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy . 
birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss . 
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . 
a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self… this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles . 
 . . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity . 
it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 
it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck . 
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans . 
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 
 . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath . it's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it's only acting . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing . 
overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film . 
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for . 
long time dead ? not nearly long enough . 
one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears . 
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . 
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being . 
the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 
lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative . 
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones . 
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering . 
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory . 
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 
ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing . 
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned . 
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . 
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . 
the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down . 
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe . 
twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task . 
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john . 
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 
[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
meandering and confusing . 
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . . 
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole . 
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year . 
not only unfunny , but downright repellent . 
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine . 
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored . 
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 
feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot . 
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . 
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either . 
his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way . 
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment . 
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long . 
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday . 
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool . 
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
 . . . really horrible drek . 
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations . 
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams . 
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
seems like someone going through the motions . 
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies . 
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson . 
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
a predictable , manipulative stinker . the story passes time until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 
the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 
a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died . 
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling . 
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
this isn't a movie ; it's a symptom . 
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too . 
the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy . 
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all . 
 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain . 
seriously , rent the disney version . 
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls . 
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
after the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go . 
we're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread . 
nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . 
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year . 
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one . 
the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters . 
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube . 
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' . 
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion . 
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them . 
 . . . hokey art house pretension . 
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life . 
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic . 
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 
taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . but as a movie , it's a humorless , disjointed mess . 
the dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film . first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . 
pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable . 
we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them . 
as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling . 
terminally brain dead production . 
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional . 
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film . 
it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey . 
murder by numbers just doesn't add up . 
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief . 
well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels . 
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
[newton]wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality . 
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny . 
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs . 
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it . 
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
'the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience . 
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle . 
it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . yes , dull . 
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer . 
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me . 
well-meant but unoriginal . 
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
life is a crock -- or something like it . 
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 
the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
most of the action setups are incoherent . 
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension . 
lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 
a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made . 
the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun – toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout . 
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess . 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has . 
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes . 
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . half past dead is just such an achievement . 
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults . 
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie . 
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption . 
schindler's list it ain't . 
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
hollywood ending just isn't very funny . 
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas . 
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
so-so entertainment . 
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels . 
if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook . 
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
a film that loses sight of its own story . 
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie . 
although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan . 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns . 
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising . 
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features . 
meanders between its powerful moments . 
 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray . 
the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 
what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 
rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 
outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
a lifetime movie about men . 
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men . 
an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
 . . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 . 
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
lame , haphazard teen comedy . 
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart . 
loud , silly , stupid and pointless . 
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
wishy-washy . 
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well . 
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions . 
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 
a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink . 
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . . 
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol . 
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie . 
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven . 
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless . 
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . 
propelled not by characters but by caricatures . 
de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter . 
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ? 
like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten . 
despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing . 
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying . 
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
at a time when we've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
godawful boring slug of a movie . 
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly… alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better . 
while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness . 
doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence . 
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion . 
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
there is no insight into the anguish of heidi's life -- only a depiction of pain , today's version of greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate . 
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score . 
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problem…it's supposed to be a drama . 
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan . 
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 
a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
the movie's blatant derivativeness is one reason it's so lackluster . 
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
puportedly " based on true events , " a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is " based on a true story " with a straight face . 
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
the comedy is nonexistent . 
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 
you can practically smell the patchouli oil . 
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar . 
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 
it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 
the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted . 
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum . 
it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable . 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 
i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best . 
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted . 
this thing is virtually unwatchable . 
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot . 
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern's thick , working-class scottish accent . 
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work . 
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas . 
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
it's as if you're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker . 
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
[i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing . 
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate . 
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt . 
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality . 
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock . 
has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 
a incompetência de marcus adams como roteirista só é superada por sua péssima direção . 
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell . 
[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context . 
the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time . 
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue . 
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . 
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor . 
the film is flat . 
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party . 
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence . 
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu . 
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke . 
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off . 
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas . 
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar . 
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 
rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) . 
it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor . 
there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel . 
i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool . 
a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another . 
mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid . 
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
the furious coherence that [deniro] brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing . 
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable . 
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice . 
doesn't add up to much . 
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
 " abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
a preposterous , prurient whodunit . 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques . 
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit . 
after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch . 
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't . 
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda . 
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull . 
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
a mess . the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
ill-considered , unholy hokum . 
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel . 
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial . 
there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming . 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 
[a] crushing disappointment . 
call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 
an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving . 
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
co-writer/director jonathan parker's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . 
will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting . 
it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 
there may have been a good film in " trouble every day , " but it is not what is on the screen . 
john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling . 
it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . 
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen . 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen . 
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that . 
this is amusing for about three minutes . 
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . 
what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ? 
the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other . 
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd . 
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum . 
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 
 . . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess . 
kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles . 
everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie . 
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary . 
the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 
the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
largely a for-fans artifact . 
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 
solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
a great idea becomes a not-great movie . 
[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted . 
de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy . 
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic . 
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
it's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic . 
 . . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . 
if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent . 
an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories . 
even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship . 
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
 . . . silly humbuggery . . . 
essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter . 
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring . 
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story . 
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . 
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 
 . . . one resurrection too many . 
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
who needs love like this ? 
been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better . 
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink . 
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well . 
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama . 
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation . 
la de salma es una versión de frida superficial , preciosista y sin ningún contenido . 
one of the worst movies of the year . 
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
despite its title , amy's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one . 
a chiller resolutely without chills . 
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold . 
yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . . 
lacks depth . 
the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there's no saving the movie . sorry , charlie
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets . 
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants . 
when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested . 
ah-nuld's action hero days might be over . 
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does . 
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned . 
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films . 
stay away . far away . 
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 
a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive . 
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why didn't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ? 
the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine . 
whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 
 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part . 
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
 . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast . 
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
well , it does go on forever . 
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most . 
one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures . 
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . 
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
god is great , the movie's not . 
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 
[davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned . 
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy . 
too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash . 
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
a pretentious mess . 
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another . 
a tv episode inflated past its natural length . 
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken . 
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy . 
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood . 
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects . 
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ? 
it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish . 
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it doesn't make any sense . 
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor . 
for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
schneidermeister . . . makin' a fool of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . . 
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
a picture as erratic as its central character . 
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
it's clear the filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination . 
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through . 
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 
worthy of the gong . 
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn . 
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and 'just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . " 
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald's , let alone some savvy street activism . 
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship . 
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive . 
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she can't provide any conflict . 
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . it's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun . 
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ? 
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically . 
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy . 
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material . 
whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy . 
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve . 
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining . 
adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 
an empty , purposeless exercise . 
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape . 
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates . 
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset . 
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me . 
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish . 
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it . 
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 
 . . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
death might be a release . 
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate . 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
horrible
there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 
mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno . 
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
the film's lack of personality permeates all its aspects — from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it – as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel . 
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers . 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker . 
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they're often undone by howard's self-conscious attempts to find a 'literary' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid . 
earnest but earthbound . . . a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast . 
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done . 
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating . 
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny . 
it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach . 
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '
this is the first film i've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved . 
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor . 
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 
what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
the movie doesn't add anything fresh to the myth . 
'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original . 
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes . 
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
 . . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
 . . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 
slap me , i saw this movie . 
though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set . 
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen . 
'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . " 
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things . 
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . 
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects . 
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies . 
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . 
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy . 
the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful . 
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
ihops don't pile on this much syrup . 
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
not even the hanson brothers can save it
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " . 
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper . 
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping . 
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either . 
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot . 
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality . 
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story . 
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . 
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
a very average science fiction film . 
like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character . 
the whole affair is as predictable as can be . 
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
[a] poorly executed comedy . 
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! " 
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 
feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail . 
a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about . 
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags . 
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
phoned-in business as usual . 
should have been someone else-
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
may puzzle his most ardent fans . 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills . 
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard . 
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose . 
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless . 
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
amid the cliché and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn . 
there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down . 
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny . 
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . 
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment . 
like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet . 
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . " 
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet . 
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
[u]nrelentingly stupid . 
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it's supposed to feel funny and light . 
will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly . 
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . 
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess . 
este é apenas mais um ( longo ) episódio do programa da mtv . a única diferença é que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 
reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
 . . . salaciously simplistic . 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it . 
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome . 
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list . 
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar . 
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation . 
a long-winded , predictable scenario . 
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece . 
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller . 
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making . 
it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
its one-sidedness . . . flirts with propaganda . 
there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head . 
everyone's to blame here . 
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 
no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either . 
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . 
 . . . they missed the boat . 
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard . 
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did . 
amazingly lame . 
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it . 
a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . 
 " men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ? 
 . . . jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just isn't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts . 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view . 
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 
slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . 
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh . 
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation . 
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
 " not really as bad as you might think ! " 
more tiring than anything . 
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet . 
ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
 . . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . . 
when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done . 
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy . 
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
punitively affirmational parable . 
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 
the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff . 
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death . 
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent . 
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense . 
both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
make like the title and dodge this one . 
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it . 
you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous . 
myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another . 
everything is off . 
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway . 
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
this thing is just garbage . 
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense . 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
a fascinating but choppy documentary . 
this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film can't help but go soft and stinky . 
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized . 
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 
an " o bruin , where art thou ? " -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations . 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ? 
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin . 
as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey . 
a coarse and stupid gross-out . 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
believability wasn't one of the film's virtues . 
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material . 
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 
a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it . 
decent but dull . 
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
unwieldy contraption . 
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence . 
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie . 
while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
a dreary indulgence . 
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess . 
sluggish , tonally uneven . 
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
[a] stale retread of the '53 original . 
egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious . 
 . . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 
 " the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store " 
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn . 
the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible . 
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold . 
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame . 
lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer . 
this film biggest problem ? no laughs . 
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing . 
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
[a] slummer . 
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one . 
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
diane lane shines in unfaithful . almost everything else is wan . 
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it . 
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental . 
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down . 
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression . 
'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
includes too much obvious padding . 
often likable , but just as often it's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother . 
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery . 
can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time . 
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes . 
somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane . 
if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 
shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry . 
for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable . 
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . 
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks . 
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york . 
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
 . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
no way i can believe this load of junk . 
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma . 
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble . 
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise . 
bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining . 
for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
execrable . 
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you . 
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film's producers would be in the clink for life . 
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 
it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump . 
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah . 
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem . 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras . 
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . 
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
 . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters . 
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
[morgan] , judd and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism . 
the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare . 
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness . 
sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks . 
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting . 
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest . 
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived . 
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration . 
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few . 
 " the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat . 
there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie . 
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks . 
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 
don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk . 
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 
feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women . 
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 
the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . 
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale . 
the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing . 
[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing . 
a noble failure . 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending . 
there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
it's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school . 
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie . 
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before . 
would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all . 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless . 
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were . 
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like " they're back ! " , " they're out there ! " and " they're coming ! " 
let's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home . 
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been . 
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . 
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . 
technically and artistically inept . 
boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them . 
the very definition of what critics have come to term an " ambitious failure . " 
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
a half-assed film . 
bartlett's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made . 
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie . 
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . 
plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero . 
when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak . 
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience . 
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
predictably melodramatic . 
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam . 
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing . 
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
too much of the humor falls flat . 
while glover , the irrepressible eccentric of river's edge , dead man and back to the future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents bartleby's main overall flaw . 
philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab . 
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
low comedy doesn't come much lower . 
shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 
you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story . 
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while . 
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script . 
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
this is really just another genre picture . 
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 
originality is sorely lacking . 
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine . 
[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character . 
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . 
a decidedly mixed bag . 
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause . 
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 
ararat feels like a book report
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie . 
it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake . 
what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
 . . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth . 
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale . 
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s . 
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship . 
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . 
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . 
the stories here suffer from the chosen format . 
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation . 
as pedestrian as they come . 
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps . 
the central story lacks punch . 
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 
even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge . 
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune . 
the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
low rent from frame one . 
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 
are monsters born , or made ? 
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . 
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same ! 
there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 
both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told . 
something must have been lost in the translation . 
bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste . 
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
i have no problem with " difficult " movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . but first , you have to give the audience a reason to <b>want</b> to put for that effort , and " i
made by jackasses for jackasses . 
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
the result is an 'action film' mired in stasis . 
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . 
let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
go , girls , right down the reality drain . 
yet another weepy southern bore-athon . 
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg . 
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 
don't even bother to rent this on video . 
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
this would-be 'james bond for the extreme generation' pic is one big , dumb action movie . stress 'dumb . '
 . . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 
wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand . 
leaks treacle from every pore . 
[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them . 
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film . 
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> . 
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 
topkapi this is not . 
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks . 
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender — and i know this because i've seen 'jackass : the movie . '
offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen . 
like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring . 
yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence . 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
warmed-over hash . 
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words " radical " or " suck " into a sentence . 
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter's imagination . 
[two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now . 
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ? 
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal . 
i'm sure there's a teenage boy out there somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment . 
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice . 
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 
 . . . although this idea is " new " the results are tired . 
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 
it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less . 
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin . 
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension . 
done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies . 
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
slick piece of cross-promotion . 
to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado – e só . 
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning . 
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? i don't think so . nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . 
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad . 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . " 
never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes . 
it's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . 
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . . 
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun . 
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 
has all the depth of a wading pool . 
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
a high-minded snoozer . 
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 
has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
what's next : " my mother the car ? " 
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful . 
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny . 
schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying . 
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to . 
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much . 
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family . 
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie . 
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover . 
 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients . 
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it . 
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else . 
when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper . 
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company . 
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
comes across as a fairly weak retooling . 
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
 . . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . 
bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 
 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
it's all surface psychodramatics . 
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't . 
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp . 
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . 
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions . 
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
a gushy episode of " m * a * s * h " only this time from an asian perspective . 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
the chocolate factory without charlie . 
it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality . 
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time . 
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference . 
[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment . 
a grating , emaciated flick . 
a hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations . 
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production . 
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality . 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
[taylor] takes us on a ride that's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb . 
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette . 
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
 . . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . " 
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience . 
most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye . 
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector . 
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
new best friend's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous . 
all mood and no movie . 
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work . 
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end . 
well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) . 
it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine . 
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer . 
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor . 
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . 
a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
 . . . stale and uninspired . 
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry . 
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 
denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony . 
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ? 
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter . 
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it . 
like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste . 
do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine . 
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek . 
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
it's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it's about as exciting as a sunburn . 
so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler . 
stale and clichéd to a fault . 
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
below is well below expectations . 
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
truly terrible . 
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other . 
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable . 
 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes . 
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal . 
generic thriller junk . teens only . 
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad . 
a bravura exercise in emptiness . 
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure . 
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
i've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra's classic . . . 
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that . 
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
the film's center will not hold . 
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 
i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it'll be on video by then . 
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
these characters become wearisome . 
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle . 
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . it's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . 
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer . 
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ? 
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting . 
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles . 
we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film . 
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring . 
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
faultlessly professional but finally slight . 
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous . 
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
demands too much of most viewers . 
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish . 
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 
what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory . 
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world . 
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 
 . . . a confusing drudgery . 
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously . 
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience . 
what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . 
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design . 
 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs . 
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character . 
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen . 
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 
'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
mild , meandering teen flick . 
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort . 
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were . 
too close to phantom menace for comfort . 
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch . 
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic . 
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program . 
this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon . 
teen movies have really hit the skids . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public . 
supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team . 
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles . 
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag . 
it doesn't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . it still feels like a prison stretch . 
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
a workshop mentality prevails . 
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster . 
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha . 
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality . 
finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie . 
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
 . . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 
it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call . 
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions . 
it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made . 
a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless . 
